---
title: "Call for Papers"
bg: blue
color: white
fa-icon: check-square-o
---

# Call for Papers
_Friday 4th September 2020_
Hosted by the Interdisciplinary Centre for Computer Music Research, University of Plymouth.

Submission deadline: Friday 17 July 2020
Notification of acceptance: Friday 31 July 2020

The production of music requires creativity, extensive knowledge of audio processing and exceptional listening skills. Many of these complex production processes have rules that could be made more intuitive, or managed by intelligent processes. The aim of the conference is to discover new music production techniques using state-of-the-art practices and techniques.
 
This event will provide an overview of the tools and techniques currently being developed in the field, whilst providing insight for audio engineers, producers and musicians looking to gain access to new technologies. The day will consist of presentations from leading academics, keynotes, posters and demonstrations. We welcome submissions on all aspects of Intelligent Music Production from researchers from any country at all stages of their careers.

Suggested topics include:

* Automatic Mixing Technologies
* AI for Music Production
* Computer Music Generation
* Melody Generation
* Improving Accessibility to Audio
* Philosophical Foundations of Music Production Systems
* Intelligent and Assistive Production Tools
* Semantically powered mixing technology
* Utilising novel Human Inputs for the Mixing Experience
 
As well as submissions in the following general areas:

* Perception, psychoacoustics and evaluation
* Source separation
* Semantic audio processing
* Musical similarity and structure analysis
* Music generation
* Sound Synthesis

#### Submission Format

Paper submissions are accepted in PDF format and should be between 2 and 4 pages, including references. Templates for submission are available for Word and LaTeX. [Paper template is avaliable online](https://github.com/Intelligent-Music-Production/WIMP-paper-template/releases/latest/download/WIMP-paper-template-master.zip).
For submission, papers should be sent to [wimp2020@plymouth.ac.uk](mailto:wimp2020@plymouth.ac.uk).
Upon submission, authors should express in their email a preference for either poster or oral presentation. All papers will be reviewed by at least two reviewers, who are expert in the field, to decide on acceptance of the paper. The reviewers may recommend a paper for oral presentation or poster.

Proposals for presentations should be in extended abstract form and PDF format, and be sent to [wimp2020@plymouth.ac.uk](mailto:wimp2020@plymouth.ac.uk). 

Accepted papers will be made available under a [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International license (CC BY 4.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) – [contact the workshop chair](mailto:wimp2020@plymouth.ac.uk) if a different license is desired. Paper templates [can be found online](https://github.com/Intelligent-Music-Production/WIMP-paper-template/releases/latest/download/WIMP-paper-template-master.zip).

The works will be presented as a poster during coffee and lunch breaks. A select number of authors will be invited to present their work orally. All delegates including presenting authors will have to register to the event and pay the registration fee. It is expected that all papers to present some level of originality. All relevant work, including direct quotations from your own work, should be cited.



<!-- [Further details are avaliable here](https://intelligent-music-production.github.io/) -->

<!-- For more information about the event, please get in touch with the workshop chair:
Dave Moffat david.moffat@plymouth.ac.uk -->

